README.md, before:


![Hero image](doc/marc/readme/hero.png)

chipwhisperer-marc
==================

This is my version of ChipWhisperer (git://git.assembla.com/chipwhisperer.git)

You're looking at the first drop of several, please be patient
and give me some time for cleaning up.


What's different to the original ChipWhisperer?
-----------------------------------------------

Various small improvements:

  - UI changes
  - plugin/script API extensions
  - performance and bug fixes

Additional functionality:

  - Preprocessing filters
  - Partitioning modes
  - **(TODO)** Crypto algorithms

The intention is to stay near the original code base, making all
changes in the least invasive way possible.


Why a fork?
-----------

I have no write permission to the original repository and can't
contribute directly.  Using the fork I am sharing my work with
the public and also with the ChipWhisperer team.  Hopefully they
will pull them into the main codebase.


Thanks
------

Thanks to *Colin O'Flynn* for making ChipWhisperer open-source.
This extension would not exist otherwise.  Also, because of it, I
learned python, git, and markdown.  Thanks for that!

_Marc_

Commit message:

documentation: Install on Linux Mint 18

README.md, after:


![Hero image](doc/marc/readme/hero.png)

chipwhisperer-marc
==================

This is my version of ChipWhisperer (git://git.assembla.com/chipwhisperer.git).


You're looking at the second drop of several, please be patient
and give me some time for cleaning up.


What's different to the original ChipWhisperer?
-----------------------------------------------

Various small improvements:

  - UI changes
  - plugin/script API extensions
  - performance and bug fixes

Additional functionality:

  - Preprocessing filters
  - Partitioning modes
  - **(TODO)** Crypto algorithms

The intention is to stay near the original code base, making all
changes in the least invasive way possible.


Documentation
-------------

  - Fork home: [github.com/marc-invalid/chipwhisperer-marc](https://github.com/marc-invalid/chipwhisperer-marc)
  - **(FIXME)** original ChipWhisperer documentation
  - [Install on Linux Mint 18](doc/marc/install_mint18/install_mint18.md)


Why a fork?
-----------

I have no write permission to the original repository and can't
contribute directly.  Using the fork I am sharing my work with
the public and also with the ChipWhisperer team.  Hopefully they
will pull them into the main codebase.


Thanks
------

Thanks to *Colin O'Flynn* for making ChipWhisperer open-source.
This extension would not exist otherwise.  Also, because of it, I
learned python, git, and markdown.  Thanks for that!

_Marc_
